Changes to new AI features page in Code Security docs (#33021)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/code_security/static_analysis/ai_enhanced_sast.md

Both methods operate as complementary components. The static analyzer continues to deliver high-precision results for deterministic findings, while the AI-assisted layer enhances detection for semantically complex or cross-file vulnerabilities.  -->

## Validation and triage

### False positive filtering

> For a subset of SAST vulnerabilities, [Bits AI][9] reviews the context of the finding and assess whether it is more likely to be a true or false positive, along with a short explanation of the reasoning. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprioritize low-likelihood findings with false positive filtering. For a subset of SAST vulnerabilities, [Bits AI][9] reviews the context of the finding and assess whether it is more likely to be a true or false positive, along with a short explanation of the reasoning. 
```

To narrow down your initial list for triage, in [Vulnerabilities][6], select **Filter out false positives**. This option uses the `-bitsAssessment:"False Positive"` query.

> Each finding includes a section with an explanation of the assessment. You can provide Bits AI with feedback on its assessment using &#128077; or &#128078;.

Reviewer: Spelling it out for accessibility.

```suggestion
Each finding includes a section with an explanation of the assessment. You can provide Bits AI with feedback on its assessment using a thumbs up &#128077; or thumbs down &#128078;.
```

> {{< img src="static/images/code_security/static_analysis/false_positive_filtering_sast_side_panel_higher_res.jpg" alt="Visual indicator of a false positive assessment in SAST side panel" style="width:60%;">}}

Author: Sometimes I've noticed that when the width is 100% the image is too large to see it in context of the docs around it, but let's try it :)

{{% /collapse-content %}}

## Remediation

{{< callout url="http://datadoghq.com/product-preview/bits-ai-dev-agent" >}}

> AI-suggested remediation for SAST is powered by the Bits AI Dev Agent, currently in Preview. To sign up, click <strong>Request Access</strong> and complete the form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AI-suggested remediation for SAST is powered by the Bits AI Dev Agent and is in Preview. To sign up, click <strong>Request Access</strong> and complete the form.
```

{{< /callout >}}

Datadog SAST uses the [Bits AI Dev Agent][10] to generate single and bulk remediations for vulnerabilities.

### Fix a single vulnerability

> For each SAST vulnerability, open the side panel to see a pre-generated fix under the **Remediation** section. For other findings (e.g. code quality), you can click the **Fix with Bits** button to generate a fix.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each SAST vulnerability, open the side panel to see a pre-generated fix under the **Remediation** section. For other findings (such as code quality), you can click the **Fix with Bits** button to generate a fix.  
```

| **Session Management** | Controls how PRs are grouped and submitted  | - **Create one PR per**:<br>      • `Repository`: One PR for all findings in the repo<br>      • `File`: One PR per file with findings<br>      • `Finding`: One PR per finding (most granular)<br>- **Allow [n] open PRs at a time**: Prevents too many PRs at once<br>- **Limit [n] findings per PR**: Prevents creating too-large PRs |
| **Custom Instructions**      | Customizes how the AI proposes remediations | - **Custom Instructions**: Guide the AI on how to tweak fixes (for example, `Update CHANGELOG.md with a summary of changes`, `Start all PR titles with [autofix]`).                                                                                                    |

#### Campaign in progress

After **Create Campaign** is clicked, [Bits AI Dev Agent][10] does the following:

1. Loads SAST findings for the selected repo(s), path(s), and rule.
2. Generates patches for each group of findings.

> 3. Creates PRs according to your session rules. (Note that automatic PR creation is _opt-in_ via Settings). 

Author: Will add after I apply this change

[7]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/code-security/repositories
[8]: https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter
[9]: /bits_ai/
[10]: /bits_ai/bits_ai_dev_agent

> [11]: https://app.datadoghq.com/code/settings

Reviewer: Can you verify this link? I got a 404 in every account I tried it on.
